# clockscode

Author: Ian Graves

This was a project that involved implementing two clock classes: Clock12 for a 12 hour clock, and Clock24 for a 24-hour clock. The problem to solve was creating a program that allowed users to interactively add time to both clocks and display the updated time. Some of the strengths of this project are the menu-driven approach that is user-friendly and organized, and the core functionality of the clock itself. Areas I could enhance in the program would be error handling to prevent non-valid input, more thurough comments and documentation, modularity for better maintainability and reusability, and writing test cases. The most challenging aspect would be the AM/PM flip and the methods to ensure that the minutes and seconds wouldn't force the hour over 12 for Clock12. I will continue to use resources like stack overflow and various tutorials like linear-cpp to continue learning this language. 
Through this project, I dove into OOP principles like inheritance and encapsulation, which I can use in the future. I created a UI with the program being menu-driven. This can be used in various applications in the future. Debugging and problem solving were also used, and if honed, could suit me well in the coming years. Organizing this program into classes and methods made it maintainable. Readability was decent with comments, but could be improved with more detailed comments and more consistent naming conventions. Further modularizing it would make it easier to modify.
